The main goal of this course is to ensure that you learn how to create micro services that comply to
the securities and exchange sourcing patterns, therefore it is important that you have a clear understanding
of what securities and event sourcing means and why we need these patterns to create a resilient architecture
with micro services that are truly independent and highly scalable.
Let's look at securest first.
Security is a software design pattern that stands for command query responsibility segregation.
As the name suggests, applications should be divided in a command and query part commands alters the
status of an object or entity and queries return the state of an object or entity.
Instead of having a single interface for read and write operations secrecy's, altering and querying
of data as to separate concerns.
But why do we need Securus?
Securus allows us to scale up the command and query sites independently.
This is a great advantage, for example, in systems where the reach outnumbers the rights or vice versa.
Separating commands and queries thus allows us to optimize each for high performance.
Now, events sourcing defines an approach with all the changes that are made to an object or entity
are stored as a sequence of immutable events to an event store as opposed to storing just the current
state.
The event sourcing pattern is often used to the securest pattern to perform the data management tasks
in response to events and by materializing views from the stored events.
Let's take a look at the following diagram to make more sense of this.
The micro services that you're going to build in this course will comply to both the security and event
sourcing patterns.
Notice how both of these patterns come into play here.
Yeah, you see that we have a micro service segregated into a command and query API.
Also notice that each MICRA service has its own database and event, store or right database on the
command side and a retailer based on the query side, on the command side.
Once a command is handled, it would typically alter the state of the domain model.
When this happens, an event is raised and appended to the list of events in the event store or right
database.
At the same time, the event is published to the event.
But the Query API has data sovereignty over the database and is thus responsible for subscribing to
the relevant events.
Once it consumes an event from the event PERSSE, it handles the event to update the record in the database.
Notice that there's a difference in how the data is stored in the right versus rete databases.
As already mentioned, the right database or event store contains a sequence of immutability events.
It basically contains an entry for each event, consequently forming an audit trail, thus making it
a topic on the right side.
We only store the current state, for example.
You would typically have a single record for a given user in the database, while you would have an
event for each update that was made to the user record in the event, store or write database.
I hope you have a clearer understanding of what securest and events sourcing are by now.
However, we will discuss some of these terms further in the next lecture, which should clear it up
even more.